com/lefg095/criptoone/di/NetworkModule_ProvideApiServiceFactory.java
 com.lefg095.criptoone.di.NetworkModule_ProvideApiServiceFactory
com/lefg095/criptoone/viewmodel/OrderViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.lefg095.criptoone.viewmodel.OrderViewModel_HiltModules
 com.lefg095.criptoone.viewmodel.OrderViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.lefg095.criptoone.viewmodel.OrderViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/lefg095/criptoone/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.lefg095.criptoone.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_lefg095_criptoone_viewmodel_TickerViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_lefg095_criptoone_viewmodel_TickerViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/lefg095/criptoone/databinding/FragmentDashboardBinding.java
 com.lefg095.criptoone.databinding.FragmentDashboardBinding
com/lefg095/criptoone/viewmodel/OrderViewModel_Factory.java
 com.lefg095.criptoone.viewmodel.OrderViewModel_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_lefg095_criptoone_viewmodel_OrderViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_lefg095_criptoone_viewmodel_OrderViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/lefg095/criptoone/databinding/FragmentDetailBinding.java
 com.lefg095.criptoone.databinding.FragmentDetailBinding
com/lefg095/criptoone/ui/Hilt_DetailFragment.java
 com.lefg095.criptoone.ui.Hilt_DetailFragment
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_lefg095_criptoone_ui_DetailFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_lefg095_criptoone_ui_DetailFragment_GeneratedInjector
dagger/hilt/internal/aggregatedroot/codegen/_com_lefg095_criptoone_MyApplication.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.aggregatedroot.codegen._com_lefg095_criptoone_MyApplication
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_lefg095_criptoone_viewmodel_TickerViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_lefg095_criptoone_viewmodel_TickerViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_lefg095_criptoone_ui_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_lefg095_criptoone_ui_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/lefg095/criptoone/di/NetworkModule_ProvidesOkHttpClientFactory.java
 com.lefg095.criptoone.di.NetworkModule_ProvidesOkHttpClientFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_lefg095_criptoone_MyApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_lefg095_criptoone_MyApplication_GeneratedInjector
com/lefg095/criptoone/di/RepositoryModule_ProvideTickerRepositoryFactory.java
 com.lefg095.criptoone.di.RepositoryModule_ProvideTickerRepositoryFactory
com/lefg095/criptoone/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.lefg095.criptoone.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.lefg095.criptoone.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.lefg095.criptoone.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/lefg095/criptoone/ui/DetailFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.lefg095.criptoone.ui.DetailFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_lefg095_criptoone_ui_DashboardFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_lefg095_criptoone_ui_DashboardFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/lefg095/criptoone/viewmodel/BookViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.lefg095.criptoone.viewmodel.BookViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.lefg095.criptoone.viewmodel.BookViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_lefg095_criptoone_di_NetworkModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_lefg095_criptoone_di_NetworkModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_lefg095_criptoone_viewmodel_OrderViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_lefg095_criptoone_viewmodel_OrderViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/lefg095/criptoone/viewmodel/OrderViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.lefg095.criptoone.viewmodel.OrderViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.lefg095.criptoone.viewmodel.OrderViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/lefg095/criptoone/di/RepositoryModule_ProvideOrderRepositoryFactory.java
 com.lefg095.criptoone.di.RepositoryModule_ProvideOrderRepositoryFactory
com/lefg095/criptoone/viewmodel/TickerViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.lefg095.criptoone.viewmodel.TickerViewModel_HiltModules
 com.lefg095.criptoone.viewmodel.TickerViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.lefg095.criptoone.viewmodel.TickerViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/lefg095/criptoone/di/NetworkModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory.java
 com.lefg095.criptoone.di.NetworkModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory
com/lefg095/criptoone/BuildConfig.java
 com.lefg095.criptoone.BuildConfig
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/lefg095/criptoone/databinding/ItemOrderBinding.java
 com.lefg095.criptoone.databinding.ItemOrderBinding
com/lefg095/criptoone/viewmodel/TickerViewModel_Factory.java
 com.lefg095.criptoone.viewmodel.TickerViewModel_Factory
com/lefg095/criptoone/MyApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.lefg095.criptoone.MyApplication_GeneratedInjector
com/lefg095/criptoone/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.lefg095.criptoone.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/lefg095/criptoone/di/NetworkModule_ProvidesHttpLoggingInterceptorFactory.java
 com.lefg095.criptoone.di.NetworkModule_ProvidesHttpLoggingInterceptorFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_lefg095_criptoone_di_RepositoryModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_lefg095_criptoone_di_RepositoryModule
com/lefg095/criptoone/databinding/ItemBookBinding.java
 com.lefg095.criptoone.databinding.ItemBookBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_lefg095_criptoone_viewmodel_BookViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_lefg095_criptoone_viewmodel_BookViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/lefg095/criptoone/di/AppModule_ProvideApplicationFactory.java
 com.lefg095.criptoone.di.AppModule_ProvideApplicationFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_lefg095_criptoone_di_AppModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_lefg095_criptoone_di_AppModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_lefg095_criptoone_viewmodel_BookViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_lefg095_criptoone_viewmodel_BookViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/lefg095/criptoone/viewmodel/BookViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.lefg095.criptoone.viewmodel.BookViewModel_HiltModules
 com.lefg095.criptoone.viewmodel.BookViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.lefg095.criptoone.viewmodel.BookViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/lefg095/criptoone/di/RepositoryModule_ProvideBookRepositoryFactory.java
 com.lefg095.criptoone.di.RepositoryModule_ProvideBookRepositoryFactory
com/lefg095/criptoone/viewmodel/BookViewModel_Factory.java
 com.lefg095.criptoone.viewmodel.BookViewModel_Factory
com/lefg095/criptoone/viewmodel/TickerViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.lefg095.criptoone.viewmodel.TickerViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.lefg095.criptoone.viewmodel.TickerViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/lefg095/criptoone/BR.java
 com.lefg095.criptoone.BR
com/lefg095/criptoone/ui/DashboardFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.lefg095.criptoone.ui.DashboardFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/lefg095/criptoone/ui/MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.lefg095.criptoone.ui.MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/lefg095/criptoone/ui/Hilt_DashboardFragment.java
 com.lefg095.criptoone.ui.Hilt_DashboardFragment
com/lefg095/criptoone/ui/Hilt_MainActivity.java
 com.lefg095.criptoone.ui.Hilt_MainActivity
 com.lefg095.criptoone.ui.Hilt_MainActivity$1
